To install the Selenium extension or plugin, you need to pull up a browser and
go to www.selenium.dev, and once you've navigated there, in the center of the
page there is a Getting Started section where you can choose to download the
Selenium IDE. Once you've gone here,
there's some latest release information and that type of stuff, but
as you navigate down a little bit in the page,
you'll see an option for the Selenium IDE area. And you can
choose the browser that you are using, Chrome or Firefox, and
there's previous releases there as well.
Maybe you're behind a corporate install that only allows you to have a
specific version of Chrome or Firefox, and you can use that previous link to
grab one that's compatible with your browser there.
I'm going to just click on for Chrome, and it will pull
up the button for us to add to Chrome.
So I'll click that and give it permission. Say yes, add extension.
It'll tell me what it wants to do.
And you'll also get this option to turn on syncing if you have the
Chrome sync to allow this across all of your browsers.
I'm just going to ignore that and close it, and our extension is now installed,
and we can verify that by clicking on this little puzzle piece icon here and
seeing the Selenium IDE. And if we click on this,
our dialog that pops up is asking us what we want to do with the IDE.
And I'm not going to enter any of this yet because we want to talk about
a couple of these features before we dive into it.
So, this is verified that your plugin is installed and we're ready to go. Let's talk about what we want to do with the IDE now.